Almost none we cover a lot in this module.
This has been a very long section this course but it has been so important because routing is such a
key task in any application.
Now if you have a look at our application we get a couple of routes in there slash users slash servers
and much more.
Now here's one important thing.
It works fine here on our local setup but actually this is not something you should take for granted.
If you have a route like this your domain slash servers and you're hosting this on a real server somewhere
in the web this might not work out-of-the-box because their routes D U R L is always this is how the
web works is always parsed handled by the server first by the server which hosts your application.
Now here on the local environment in our development environment we're also using a development server
but this server has one special configuration.
Your real life server also has to have and it will come back to this design the deployment section to
server hosting your angler's single page application has to be configured such dead in a case of a 4
0 for error.
It returns the index HVM file sone file starting and containing your angular app..
Why.
Because as I mentioned all your your efforts are parsed by the server first.
So not by angular by the server.
Now if you have Slash service here it will look for a slash service route on your server.
On the real server hosting your web app now chances are you don't have the rowdier because you only
have one file there in next HD email containing your angle or app and you want angler to take over and
to parse this route.
But it will never get a chance.
If you were a server the server hosting your app decides no I don't know the route.
Here's your 404 error page.
Therefore you need to make sure that in such a case your web server returns to index aged him El-Farra.
If for some reason you can't get this to work or it you need to support very old browsers which are
not able to parse parts like this in the client which angler does.
Then you have an alternative approach to using Deis.
Nice.
You are as much look like all your else in the web you can fall back to or older technique which was
used a couple of years ago using a hash sign in your routes.
Let's see how we enable it.
And then I will explain what it does.
You can enable it in your app routing module where you register your routes.
Here with the for loop method you can pass a second argument a javascript object to this method.
Configuring the set up of the routes.
So besides the router itself.
Now we can configure them.
And one important configuration is D who use hash configuration which you can set to true.
The default is false which is why we didn't have to pass it.
If we do this and we save that let's see what happens.
You are out of the box see that now we have this hash tag an hour you are l and if I click on servers
you'll see there is this hash tag in between and that's no back that belongs here because this is hash
mode routing.
What this hashtag will do is it informs your web server.
Hey I only care about the part in this you are l.
But for this hash tag.
So all the parts thereafter will be ignored by your web server.
Therefore this will run even on service which don't return the index HVM file in case of 404 errors
because they will only care about the part in from the Passhe tech.
That's how it works.
By default and the part after the hash tag can now be parsed by your client by angular.
So this is the solution.
If you can't get the other approach to work however I will say that definitely you should try to use
the more prettier routes using the HDMI history mode as it is called with the normal slash routes without
the hash tag.
So this is how you would enable it.
I'm going to duplicate this so to comment this out to have it there for reference but I will fall back
the error mode which gets us cleaner routes which really look a lot nicer and more like you're used
to seeing rabbits from our web apps.
And this is the last piece of the section